building a five-star PC that's easy all
you have to have is money but what if
you don't I mean that two star
motherboard could hold the key to
incredible savings couldn't be that bad
could it to find out we built a PC using
only the worst rated parts that we could
find on newegg.com and we ended up with
this and sure from the outside she's not
so bad but on the inside it's a black
hole misery a
disappointment maybe or maybe it's fine
to find out we need to go back to the
beginning the
beginning the beginning starting with
the ryzen 5
8500g AMD never sent these out to
reviewers for evaluation and if our
experience with it is anything to go by
that's probably for good reason you see
the compromises that AMD made on this
chip are a lot especially if you
consider the not very low
$180 price only two of its six cores are
full-size zen4 and while the integrated
Graphics are decent compared to the
competition when the time comes to
upgrade them you will be shocked shocked
I say to discover that your GPU slot
could be running at as slow as 1/8 the
bandwidth of other modern PCS and it
gets even worse modern storage drives
can end up with their bandwidth cut and
depending who you believe this chip
might only support single Channel memory
who does AMD imagine this thing is for
maybe you're building a super power
efficient PC but can't afford the better
balanced 8600 G well I urge you
theoretical customer um let's name you
Grover please wait for a sale on
something else or consider the Intel
14100 with a discrete GPU or almost
literally anything else this truly is
the worst current chip so in it goes
into our motherboard that is after we
look at this message from our sponsor
acronis arm your it Department with
centrally managed protection against
cyber threats and with backup and
Recovery capabilities with aonis cyber
protect check out their easy to use
all-in-one solution using the link in
the video description
[Music]
at first glance the prime b650 plus from
Asus seems downright decent professional
reviewers touted its well-rounded
features so I can see why Grover might
be eyeing it at least until he sees
these user reviews and guys I know three
stars doesn't necessarily mean something
is garbage I mean we could have found a
onear motherboard if we looked hard
enough but we felt that it was best to
limit our search to products that had
more than just a handful of reviews and
besides while three stars is average
would you eat at a three star restaurant
on Google Maps one where half of the
customers say that the food is delicious
and the other half say it's
defective multiple people mentioned that
the diagnostic LEDs don't work on this
board which could be an issue if we're
going to push our twar mushin enhanced
Redline memory to the Limit Yep this
right here is 64 whole gigs of the worst
rated DDR 5 Ram we could find jealous
well you probably shouldn't be see it's
rated for 6,400 megga transfers per
second but based on the reviews it seems
very unlikely that we're going to be
seeing those speeds which was a little
surprising for me I mean mushin's a real
brand and at
$25 it's not even cheap so with so many
other options at the same price why
would Grover choose these ones oh
speaking of price how much was the
motherboard $180 180 bucks I mean that
seems like a god motherboards have
gotten
expensive this is a b650 board yep
that's not even a top tier one well at
least our storage was cheap that's right
folks just $40 for the SATA ad data
Premier SP 580 with a huge 120 billion
bytes of storage which is what enough
for Windows in one game let's see what
the people have to say about about this
one uh dead dead defected oh here's a
five star review wait blue screens but
he's not sure it's because of the SSD
that is a super weird thing to mention
in a five-star review for a product and
things aren't looking much better for
SSD number two which we bought another
junk SSD I mean at least the team group
gx2 has the potential to be more useful
thanks to its 2 tbyte capacity but again
that's only if it stays functional
you know what's hard to screw up these
days though a case but you know who
managed it begears the B bigger managed
to get only 2.9 Stars the question for
me is why there's a lot to like here
tempered glass fold my trap this came
untaped at the bottom and so when you
picked it up it just fell out it was
shrink wrapped and then they thought
that was a good idea I guess what they
never taped the Box no and so twice
people picked it up and it just flew out
the bottom oh so the tempered glass side
panel could be a bug not a feature if
you're going to drop it on the floor
increased air flow also the photos make
this case look like fans are included
and actually make it look pretty sick in
general but uh in person it looks more
ill than sick the Glass isn't held in
place by anything there's no little
nubbins no little Groove to put it in or
anything like that where would you even
put front 120 mm fans in this case it
straight up doesn't have the mounts for
them I I remember we looked at the
pictures of this in script riew I do you
have do you have a picture sure it there
there is no fans in the front of the
picture of the I thought there were no
no they just kind of strategically take
the picture so it kind of seems like it
yep you could definitely infer that that
RGB is coming from fans on the inside
and the bottom too like where would that
where would the RGB here be coming from
yeah that's a straight up lie there is
no RGB coming through there
realistically though aside from feeling
a little deceived there's nothing
inherently wrong with the case that is
as long as I don't want to have a ton of
air flow Not only was there nowhere for
fans in the front there's nowhere for
air to come into the case but that seems
like a problem for future lus is this
like really
unstable this is really easy to tip over
compared to most cases it's so light and
it's so narrow anyway we weren't able to
find a particularly low rated cooler so
we're going to throw the stock cooler on
here I can't say the same however for
our fans if the reviews of the Z3 pros
from montech or anything to go by I have
very high expectations for them that is
to say I expect they will make a high
amount of noise I don't want to keep
harping on the case but there is
absolutely nowhere to Cable manage the
cables for these fans or the eight pin
EPS connector for the motherboard so
good luck David okay that's why I
strategically took the rear fan the
these fans literally are mashed up
against the vrm cooler of this
motherboard this is a really tight case
moving on to our power supply you may
recall that gigabyte was Under Fire pun
intended for setting the over Power
Protection and overcurrent protection on
these units too high meaning that under
heavy load some spectacular failures
took place some of which took other
components with them gigabyte ultimately
did offer Replacements and they fixed
the issue in their newer units but it's
clear from the reviews on this thing
that the reputational damage was done
and honestly I'm kind of surprised that
they didn't just relaunch this as a new
skew to move away from the
240 onear reviews that are on this power
supply while we were wiring it up we
found some serious problems with this
case there's only one spot to mount a 2
and 1/2 in drive down here in the bottom
every other hole is not properly aligned
so I don't know I guess other SSD just
goes here but hey it's got correctly
spaced tabs and screw holes for 5 and
1/4 in Optical drives three of them even
though there would be nowhere for them
to slide into I love this thing also if
you have the top uh fan installed there
is no way to install an 8 Pin power
connector on the top of this board that
might not be an issue with every board
but it's definitely an issue with this
one I could rip the clip off do it I
need a
knife okay nice wow this cable
management is awful and it's not about
to get any better at least it won't get
much worse our Sparkle ecoar A310 4 gig
GPU does not require an external power
connector
wow that's one of the best things about
it though it's been our position for a
long time that there is a class of GPU
that is less Graphics processing unit
and more display adapter for your pcie
slot and that's pretty much the story
here unless like Anonymous you are a
video transcoding Enthusiast where it
can offer a pretty good value not to
mention outstandingly low power
consumption at just 50 Watts if like
some folks you buy this and expect to be
doing any gaming on it though you're
going to be sorely disappointed
especially with this one that apparently
has issues with the cooling fan
[Music]
wait I know I'm interrupting b-roll to
talk about the case again but to put a
glass side panel on this did they
literally just take an existing chassis
drill four holes in it thread them and
then put it on like it's got mounting
for a regular metal side panel it's all
visible and if they were going to just
put the holes anywhere anyway why didn't
they make them symmetrical it took me
three attempts to put this glass panel
on they couldn't even put the little
grommet on the right spot so there's
just a second hole in it getting into
the rest of the setup I don't know
what's so bad about this monitor I mean
yeah it's only 1080p but 165 HZ 1 MC
moving picture response time ah 2.8 out
of 5 eggs and mostly comes down to
reliability issues breaks down after 6
months cool this is a fun one you've
probably seen this desk pad somewhere in
fact you might have even seen it on our
channel before and the reviews across
every Marketplace it occupies are bad
but what caught our attention more than
anything is the awful seller ratings for
it how is this store given a toprated
status on New Egg if they have so many
negative reviews I mean three stars on
402 reviews ain't good and it's the
packaging that seems to be the primary
issue they apparently fold it instead of
rolling it and my notes just say talk
about why they would do that based on
everything we've learned from selling
desk pads David there is no reason to
fold the desk pad instead of rolling it
and what's funny is we did buy this from
that seller and they did roll it they
just put it in a plastic bag so I don't
know when they figured it out but hey
they finally did either way at 20 bucks
this is a terrible value just pick up a
mystery desk pad from LTT store.com it's
bigger and better and it doesn't
identify Winnipeg as one of the three
important cities in Canada our Capital
Cities not on here in fact the American
cap capital's not on here they got New
York Chicago Dallas Denver and Los
Angeles where the is Washington as bad
as it is though it is nothing compared
to our Ruckus 4-in-1 Pro gaming kit this
has two and 1 half stars out of five on
Walmart with one user calling it the
worst thing I've ever used and saying I
feel ashamed just to own it why does
Southern Telecom Inc even make gaming
peripherals remember when lightning was
cool never stop being cool yeah me
neither wait this is a super weird
Legend they put WD on the arrow keys
what and there's no windows key what it
has a Windows lock unless this is a
Windows key and the lock is you function
Windows no that would be so stupid I'm a
reasonable person and a 2.5 is not good
enough for you so I got you a 2.6
keyboard and it's ergonomic you got two
sets of peripherals just the keyboard
wow I'm I'm a reasonable person internet
and multimedia hot Keys three color
illuminated backlight and split key
design you know what though I did a lot
of my early gaming on an ergo keyboard h
i don't think you know that no but you
accidentally put me back in my
element this is what was missing now
you're a pro again seems serviceable as
far as these go and hey it's got two
windows keys to make up for that last
one you uh missed the most important
upgrade another uh mouse pad oh good wow
the oh that's what makes it 4 in one
nice and it almost lies
flat this is remarkable this may be the
single worst feeling headset that I have
ever touched oh that's pretty good touch
the ear cups what is wrong with these
why also this driver is it's like right
there you look like a game this is
terrible and in order to justify the
molding costs they have to make
thousands of these thousands of Gamers
yeah are experience in two and a half
star gaming hey those fans actually look
pretty cool kind of noisy but that can
probably be configured don't push a ton
of air for how loud they are I have to
be touching the metal to feel any air
moving huh I hate these peripherals guys
for around $50 or less The Cooler Master
mm 712 looks awesome or the Logitech
g305 there's lots of options for great
budget keyboards we're going to have
some suggested peripherals for the same
price as what we paid for this garbage
Linked In the video
description uh
Decor oh apparently there's decor and
we've limited ourselves to one item and
it's one star it's one star oh I get
wait is that a Mario star with cowboy
boots and a cowboy hat it certainly
looks like a Mario star and I love it so
much was this poorly rated no it's just
one star oh I get it all right thanks
David am I supposed to get an output for
from this uh yes I mean I guess it
shouldn't really surprise us if the
lowest rated PC
died oh the ram did I put the did I put
the ram in the near slots I actually did
notice that I meant to mention it wow
what a rookie error not that it should
matter it should probably still post but
um those aren't the best slots to put
the first two sticks of memory in you
know what other than the fact that the
case is a complete piece of crap I don't
hate it is that supposed to be color it
looks like it's
trying maybe oh yeah wait I didn't I
didn't see any RGB lead on it no it was
just a
Molex
dude there's two more leads off of this
thing I think this is actually an RGB
LED strip but they yeah oh yeah yeah no
you can tell you can tell cuz if you
cover some of it it turns a color but
they didn't install the other leads so
there's no control it's just powered at
least the systems posted though let's
see if we can get Expo enabled ddr5 6400
I believe see let's go my question is
whether it's going to be running in dual
Channel mode M we saw conflicting
information about the support for dual
or single Channel memory on this CPU it
doesn't make any sense to me wait no it
can't be single Channel because we saw
the full capacity of the memory if it
only had a single Channel you wouldn't
be able to populate both both Channels
with two dims okay yeah so where did
that come from it's really weird it's
really good that it runs in dual Channel
because if you have onboard Graphics
you're using your system memory as your
vram and slow vram is a killer for
gaming performance so this thing would
be way worserer than we thought it
was oh are we not getting 6,400 though I
don't think so
hey hey hey oh but maybe it just
rebooted a couple times and went back no
cuz it would have prompted us to go into
the BIOS I think we got full memory
speed though it's worth noting that that
is as much to do with the integrated
memory controller on your CPU and your
board layout as it is to do with your
memory sticks so 6,400 megat transfers
per second let's go this SSD is running
at 100% usage just booting up Windows oh
my God I want to know how many pcie
lanes my GPU is getting not that I think
it actually needs a ton of them but it
will tell us if we wanted to put a more
powerful GPU in here whether it would be
bottlenecked and the answer is pcie Gen
4x8 at by4 is that a power saving thing
or is it actually only getting four
lanes by the way this mouse is
intolerable oh really let's give it a
chance oh yeah put it on this quality
you know what the desk pad's actually
helping a fair bit the included mouse
pad has some really high contrast lines
on it and cheap sensors can struggle to
track across high contrast lines we
don't even have any m.2 drives installed
no so it's not like we're using up all
the PCI lane somewhere else I think this
thing only runs at by4 unless this Arc
GPU only has a by4 interface does it I
thought that's
possible by it's the GPU that's by eight
running it by four ah wow so it wasn't
reporting the link speed and the active
link speed it's reporting the capability
of the GPU and what the active link
speed is wow that sucks I'm sorry little
buddy so I haven't actually used HW info
for this very much I usually use GPU I
don't know why I didn't just download
that but anyway we figured it out I can
see why people don't like the fan on
this GPU I know I have firmar running
but
still now that our system's up and
running it's time to put Grover's black
hole build to the test with some
famously review bombed games starting
with Team Fortress 2 why are they mad at
Val for Team Fortress there a Bots
there's a bot issue where you any game
you join you just instantly start
getting sniped and I just SP it's still
that yes cool how old is this game now
like 15 years
old7 17 years old good you'll get old
too what you're in Secure mode what does
that mean
oh uh did seem just crash what is
happening right now what is it's almost
like we built a bad computer on purpose
yeah blue screen I saw it on that one
what yeah no way yeah it went I saw a
blue screen appear in the
capture I'm going to try one more time
sure I'm going to try one more time not
currently connected to the TF game
coordinator service please try again
let's turn the ram down okay interesting
we turned the ram back to J deck speeds
and immediately I was able to queue for
a casual game immediately I really hate
wearing these they're really really
uncomfortable also the volume Wheels
like backwards instead of bringing it
towards yourself to turn it up yeah you
push away to turn it up huh who does
that what is happening right now I guess
let's try a different like join a
different game I can't interact with the
game window or like I can't bring it
back to focus should we just move on to
another game to another game the game
runs whatever we can't see the FPS but
it's getting lots of FPS it's an ancient
game our next one is Kerbal Space
Program 2 Early Access
which I know about this controversy
basically they launched Early Access for
the sequel to Kerbal Space Program and
then the developer was shut down which
happens sometimes you know business
decision
except you can totally still buy this
game it's not done it's never going to
be
done no don't do that don't set it to
high no
oh okay medium uh low is
hard got it I've never actually played
kbal
NE oh this really doesn't look that good
for what kind of frame rate it's running
at look at these trees I have
absolutely no idea what I'm doing okay
this seems like something yeah hey we're
about 40 frames oh okay fuel tank okay
cool okay nice sure another fuel tank
lots of fuel all right okay let's see
what happens let's launch it
woo nine frames a second baby let's go
you're going to space Oh Oh Our
parachute is deployed already we are we
are rocketing into our parachute oh
God it's glorious at a glorious 10
frames per second like you'd think it
would run out of fuel oh yeah no we're
almost out of fuel we go the crash is
imminent this is so slow all right I
think I've seen it yeah I don't think
the crash will be spectacular anyway
last up hell divers 2 30 frames per
second I'm getting 30 frames per second
you get 30 look to be I'm not saying it
looks great I'm just saying that's
definitely 30 frames per second but
let's let's let's get you on a planet
and see what happens
okay it doesn't look terrible for all
low honestly man low on Modern games
looks not bad all right I'm a hell diver
look at me diving I'm diving to hell
we're running at Native render scale hey
that's hey 310 might not be as bad as we
thought it was that being said do you
want to know the price of this whole
system how much should we pay $1,025
just for the tower for that price you
can get a much better system with like a
7600 and like a 6600 GPU uh you are way
better spending your money elsewhere
yeah this is a terrible value yeah you
know what I want to know would we be
having a better gaming experience if we
didn't buy the ark 310 at all oh I'm
curious about that too we should try our
onboard Graphics let's do it uh uh roll
oh I think you might have missed it but
uh that was weird I don't know if we're
going to be gaming on this GPU well
first I disabled the AR windows and we
moved the HDMI over and the system hard
rebooted then we booted up just now and
the screen came up with the Asus bios
splash screen except there was like
green lines everywhere if only there was
some way we could have predicted that
this would happen you know I've always
wondered like who's buying these
low-rated parts who is our hypothetical
Grover like obviously you're budget
conscious but you're anxious about the
risk of buying used computer parts um
maybe you shop based on Word of Mouth or
brand name rather than like looking at
reviews like I get it reviews can be
manipulated
so maybe you don't trust them which is
fair enough especially with overly
positive reviews but I think it's clear
from this exercise that if you ignore
online reviews completely you do so at
your peril bottom line there are many
reasons why a product might get a low
review score and After experiencing all
of them for myself it's safe to say say
listen to the people who bought it
before you did and it's safe to say
listen to this segue to our sponsor
grammarly at lmg the business team's
day-to-day operations revolve around
communication coordination and writing
that's where grammarly comes in they're
an AI writing partner that works right
alongside them for example if they need
to draft up an email for a project
proposal grammarly can help come up with
initial ideas and can check for clarity
and tone to ensure their email is
impactful and appropriate grammarly also
understands the context of the writing
and can provide high quality suggestions
because news flash writing to Colton is
somewhat different than writing to your
dad also by upgrading to grammarly Pro
now they have access to full sentence
rewrites turning those long-winded
sentences into something more precise
and their app actions feature makes
having all those browser tabs less of an
issue thanks to the ability to quickly
insert links documents and even gifts
all within grammarly so go sign up and
upgrade to grammarly Pro today at
grammarly.com
lt9 if you guys enjoyed this video maybe
you like bad setups why don't you check
out the one where Luke and I roasted our
staff's worst setup some of them make
this look not that bad